ABSTRACT

The term Semantic Networks dates back to at least 1999, and the idea behind Semantic Networks is to enable machines to understand information, process it, and make it useful for use. The increase in the volume of information every day is more and more characteristic of almost every field of activity. Revealing, collecting, integrating useful source data is a very time-consuming task, so we want to show that the Semantic Web can be used in various data mining tasks.
By our calculations, every developer who is or has been in the past in this area has the impression that from the very beginning, tools and libraries based on the Java language dominated semantic web technologies, and that the situation has not changed to this day. For example: most of the developers on practical development or use of ontologies, Protégé using internal tools, on the example of OWLAPI.  This example is described in Chapter 1. However, today we are seeing a huge success of AI technology (or "machine learning"), and here we have a greater variety of programming languages, their libraries, frameworks. It is quite difficult to start working with semantic technologies. In this process, we need to overcome a lot of outdated documentation and the lack of tools that are convenient today to achieve our results. Thus:
The aim of this work is that the accessible ecosystem of tools based on Python can help unlock the huge potential of semantic technologies. This article will hopefully help expand the semantic community and allow more people to contribute and contribute content, such as complex queries, fixing ontologies, etc.
